What motivated you to take this course?
I was motivated to take this course because of my keen interest in coding and learning about various software's. Computer science is a course based on designing software independently and as part of a team, using industry-standard programming tools and applying the software development lifecycle model. This is something enjoy as writing different subprograms and programs increases my ability to develop creative solutions for many types of problems. I also want to increase my understanding of the computer environment as I believe that is the language of the future. As a programmer I want to be able to keep up with the world's demand of logical, analytical and practical thinking skills and I know that this course will help me satisfy this goal.

Do you believe computer programming and computer science are important areas of study? Why?
I believe that computer programming and computer science are important areas of study. Computer programming is essentially explaining to a computer what you want it do do for you. This may sound unnecessary but it can be very useful due to the fact that computers are powerful tools that humans have access to. Computer science is the pathway to make tedious tasks more efficient and create a future world where robots and programs can complete the most difficult of tasks without human interference. Coding is about spending time to think logically, analytically and practically to solve difficult problems. These skills are important to individuals which will help progress society as a whole. Computer programming controls a majority of human life already and it is important to advance as it can help with more of our lives.

How motivated are you to pursue computer programming or computer science at a post-secondary institution like a College or University?
I am incredibly motivated to pursue computer science or programming in the future through an undergraduate degree. Personally my first choice for a career path is biomedical engineering. But as a secondary option computer science is the most appealing. This is because computer science is an interesting field and is in high demand as a career option. A few programs I'm interested in include Computer sciences at Waterloo University or Electrical and Computer engineering at UFT.

Questions:
Are we going to be annotating/documenting code and be creating detailed flowcharts in this course? If so is it required to be containing specifics of code?
Why do we use different languages for different scenarios instead of a unitary language for websites, games, and other events.